Updated typo in the documentation (#43160)
vercel/next.js: docs/basic-features/static-file-serving.md

This folder is also useful for `robots.txt`, `favicon.ico`, Google Site Verification, and any other static files (including `.html`)!

> > **Note**: Don't name the `public` directory anywhere else. The name cannot be changed and is the only directory used to serve static assets.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> **Note**: Be sure the directory is named `public`. The name cannot be changed and is the only directory used to serve static assets.
```
